add README (#3)
cilium/community: README.md

# Community

Here you can find community content around Cilium.

## Contribute

Check out the [contributor ladder](CONTRIBUTOR-LADDER.md) for different ways to get involved and level up within the project. You can see different roles within the project in the [contributor roles](CONTRIBUTOR-ROLES.md). If you have already contributed to the project in any way, please add yourself to the [contributor file](CONTRIBUTORS.md).

# Socializing

Connect with the community through:

> * Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ciliumproject) and our [blog](https://cilium.io/blog/)

Reviewer: Do we have a Mastodon alternative, as well?

Author: No, but we do have LinkedIn so I'll add that

> * Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ciliumproject) and our [blog](https://cilium.io/blog/)

Author: ```suggestion
* Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ciliumproject), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cilium/), and our [blog](https://cilium.io/blog/)
```

> * Chat with us on [Slack](https://cilium.herokuapp.com/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Chat with us on [Slack](https://cilium.io/slack)
```
